# LogParserLib
### A parsing library for standard Minecraft server log files.
Are you looking to generate or inspect statistics for your Minecraft server, but haven't employed a dedicated logging plugin? More likely that not, your server's standard Minecraft logs may contain much of the data you seek. With LogParserLib, you can easily parse those chaotic log files into programmatic objects and serialize them in a JSON export.

LogParserLib and LogParserCLI are .NET Core assemblies, suited for use on any Windows, Mac, or Linux machine that is compatible with .NET Core 2.1 or greater.

**Download:** [Releases Page](https://github.com/TiberiumFusion/mclogparser/releases)<br/>
Releases include the LogParserLib assembly, the LogParserCLI interface, and dependencies.

**Keep reading for a feature overview. Go to the project Wiki for usage instructions.**

***

## Parsing Coverage
LogParserLib recognizes many typical and/or high-profile events in the standard log file. Log files generated by vanilla Minecraft 1.8 through 1.13 are the intended target. By no means is this utility exhaustive & comprehensive in recognition of every kind of possible trace in Minecraft logs. There are tens of thousands of CB/Spigot plugins, each with their own niche and logging format, as well as many discrepancies in the vanilla log format itself. Developing heuristics for every common variation under the sun is a mighty undertaking.

LogParserLib intrinsically recognizes the following vanilla events:
* Player chat
  * General purpose chat heuristic
  * Customizable regex-based heuristic (for your own complex/custom chat format)
* Player commands
* Player /tell, /nick
* Player connect/disconnect
* Player deaths
* Player opped/deopped
* Player banned/unbanned
* Whitelist enable/disable
* Whitelist player add/remove
* Server start/shutdown
* Server boot information
* Server shutdown information
* Server plugin reload
* Server "can't keep up"
* Java exceptions

And some (typically confounding) 3rd party plugin events:
* ChestShop create/buy/sell
* NoCheatPlus notifications

## Analysis
Once parsing is complete, LogParserLib assimilates & organizes the following:
* Dissected & decorated log files
* Record of all recognized game events
* Player sessions
* Server sessions
* Some basic player statistics

## Export
Once analysis is complete, LogParserLib provides a customizable JSON export so that you may serialize data to other applications (such as a CB/Spigot plugin).
* Condensed or formatted JSON
* Serialize directly to disk or use...
* On-the-fly compression into a ZIP archive

***

## License, Credits & Dependencies
LogParserLib is distributed under the LPGLv3 license.

Releases include the following dependencies:
* The fantastic [Newtonsoft.Json](https://www.newtonsoft.com/json) library (MIT license)
